Tommy Chong ladies and gentlemen how are
you sir I'm fine man great to see you
again man
you too Joe I tell everybody that one of
my first ever experiences with comedy
recordings was listening to big bamboo
when I was a kid my parents had it and
they'd let us listen to it we opened it
up like a big old packet of rolling
papers and pull out the album's back
then the actual record you know and so
I've been a fan for a long time I can
tell how are you the lover of the weed
and I don't find it couldn't be better
I'll be 81 right wow that's amazing it
is that sounds crazy to say cuz I'm 51
that sounds crazy to say when I say I
don't like Jesus it's not true fuck I'm
thirty years older than you wow wow
that's something but I feel good man you
know all the systems are go again you
know and that that makes a big
difference in their life you know yeah
that's what I found out the Fountain of
Youth is the pussy that's it yeah that's
all it is drinker to the Fountain of
Youth and you'll live forever really yep
okay yeah what about if you're gay well
I guess on pause yeah I had to think
about that well I guess might be dick
for that I guess it no I don't know it
has to be the fountain it has to be the
phone so even for gay folks it's got to
be pussy - well how long what's the
longest living gay guy you know that's a
good question huh like Bob Hope man was
he gay no no that's my phone they use
yeah you know because there's more
romance well what happens is your body
when it reaches a certain stage it it
starts disintegrating because it's
getting ready for the recall mm-hmm and
the reboot yeah and you get a new body
and the way you go again but if you keep
this body healthy
it feels that there's no need to to
leave because he and you obviously still
got more shit to do
yeah you're still enjoying it yeah
you're still producing you know are you
exercising and everything oh yeah yeah
what do you do I got a trainer now yeah
but my main exercise is tango tango
tango really I will turn you on to tango
tango is old folk sex you the whole
thing about tango is it's so intricate
it was a the original tango was a mating
dance from Africa really and what they
would do they did the tribes and young
kids will get together and dance and
flirt with their feet and so when the
slaves got taken you know
from Africa and put on the boats in that
they ended up crossing the the foot
dance with the Adagio French dance the
dance of the brothels and so the so then
they ended up with the music or a dance
called tango which was a combination
tango itself is a word that means small
drum it's an african drum just like
mambo it's an African word that means
storytelling really yeah dude story time
with Tommy Chong yeah oh yeah man and I
wrote a whole paper untangle
so anyway tango like I go to Argentina
with my wife a lot and it's very tough
dance to dance with your wife you have
to dance with a stranger and she has to
dance with a stranger why is that
I think it's you're too intimate too
personal you know each other too well
mm-hmm
if you're a stranger then all you can
respond to is the dance signals mmm like
the man has to lead but he has to lead
in such a way that that you can't see
him you know he can't pull her around
he suggests okay like if and so he'll
suggest a certain move and then the girl
the his partner will understand that
move and she can do a couple of
and that certain way hmm like one is
called the fuck I can't remember the the
term
ojos ojos which means back and forth and
and and out of those combinations once
the guy gets the girl going into a chose
for instance then he can move on to no
he'll stop her with his foot and then
you move on to another series of moves
and they're all designed and but the
stranger you know the woman has to
really listen to the moves if she's
danced with a stranger or a teacher hmm
and and that's how and then it has to be
a close embrace and the woman has to be
that cuddled up against the guy not
always but for the most part so you're
not looking at your feet at all and it's
all about feel and so you have to feel
the other person's body and it can get
so intimate man yeah that you really
felt after good dance with a good tango
teacher you really feel like that
happened to cigarette really relaxing
for a bit did you study this did you
like take classes I got turned on to it
in Paris I was cheating now we're
finishing up the Corsican brothers and I
was we got offered to do the Cisco Kid
and they sent me the script and in the
script said tango dancers and so there
were we my wife and I girlfriend at the
time but the wife now we used to drive
by this place that said tango and neon
lights and so we stopped and and took
our first tango lesson from this George
and Rosie a couple there
George was too old to get out of bed he
was the butt is in his 90s or something
he was in bed Rosie came in met us and
we and she showed us the first little
bit of tango well my wife shall be who
was an excellent dancer
she's been studying dance you know ever
since I can remember you know and so she
she started doing salsa first and then I
found out about that nice had to learn
salsa but then we started learning
tangled together and then she went on to
really learn how to dance how to dance
with the pros mm-hmm
me I'm still struggling to be a pro and
it's very hard like MMA fighting
you know like she's a pro I'm an amateur
hmm and so when I when we go down to
Bourne azari's like we went down for her
birthday I was a video operator cuz I
didn't know how to dance
mm-hmm you know that well I take lessons
almost 20 years now but I still don't
have the skills to to be a professional
like that but yeah so I went down and
videotaped her and then I came back and
I made a vow Isis this is embarrassing
you know because people know me from
years ago and I still can't dance it's
so so it's it's about time that I
learned so I I gave up everything to
learn tango and not really but what you
give up golf more than anything really
yeah there's a lot of guys right now
that are going crazy why would you give
up golf for tango well actually it
worked out really well I played a
tournament golf last week and I did the
best I've ever done if you lay off
something you forget all your bad habits
well that's true too and you probably
been really enthusiastic about it loved
it you know I wasn't mature you know for
me I'm you know I got about a 36
handicap something like that but so but
I gave up golf because it's too much
energy it was taking too much energy
sure you gotta walk around all the time
yeah I would also imagine that the tango
dancing all the movement in the footwork
would actually probably make you more
steady and stable balance better so it'd
probably be your golf game better oh it
did I noticed that with yoga yoga makes
pool better yeah some weird way like it
makes it stand stronger yeah yeah so
yeah there's also a pause in comedy has
someone asked me about the secret of
Communists applause and in the tango
supposed to mmm timing timing waiting
yeah waiting and using that that that
silence you know before you say
something to give people the time to
formulate their own thoughts about what
you're doing order to concentrate on
what you're going to say next and then
that's same same thing with tango is
this you yeah oh yeah that's me with PD
will you end an Seng with the Stars yeah
oh shit yeah how hard was that to do oh
it's incredible
okay nor every what the hell is going on
here good lord
he's saying to her there we did it we
did it we did it Wow
yeah Randy coat in looks like Randy was
crying what's his name Kevin Hart Kevin
Hart was the judge yeah he gave me a ten
oh that's the only thing I got look at
look she had to carry me off there Wow
oh yeah that tore my butt up man
I imagine literally serious fucking the
training for that King ref I came off
that was rectal cancer whoa I got I
found out on that show Wow how'd you
don't think he got it from Dancing I
think I got it from no smokin and in the
stress from no smoking weed no smoking
weed I quit smoking weed during the show
why did you do that I thought it would
help me with my coordination ourselves
well with me beyond aeration listening
you know yeah because it's hard to learn
things when you're spelling something
sir I'm saying it yeah like in jujitsu
most people agree that it's not a good
idea to smoke pot when you're learning
skills but it's a good idea to smoke pot
when you have the skills yeah yeah it
was coming you down yeah when you roll
and you already know what to do it's
like instinctive then you can smoke some
pot yeah but like learning like if
someone shows me a new move and I'm high
I can't even figure out where the body
still I'm like where's your arm how am I
doing this you get too high you know
what am i doing you get baffled yeah
yeah well that's the same as tango well
so you really think that that happened
to you because of that you see I had
prostate cancer
and and it was a kind of process it was
so slow acting
lazy ass doctor said well we won't do
we'll just leave it alone and you
probably died of something else before
that happens and so he says attitude
that was there at it Jesus Christ
yeah it happens all the time you know
because you know prostate can be very
slow and I had a slow one and but I had
a biopsy when I had known to find out
because I was going to do the growth
hormone and that's why I checked out my
blood to make sure you know I didn't
have cancer found out I had prostate
cancer and but they did a biopsy and I
think that could have done it you know
to biopsy they can take a piece of yours
so you think that taking a biopsy could
have caused damage which would have led
the cancer could have could have caused
the cancer cell to to hit the director
the way it did oh and so I got a bag now
I got a cross me bag you know and so but
now I'm totally healed now and I'm good
to go
you know the only thing the and so I
don't know if it was the lack of weed in
in the stress in end the fact that I had
prostate you know so when they fixed
direct oh and I got the best one of the
best doctor Kazanjian what they have to
do they had to operate they had to take
out change the plumbing from from the
front from the back to the front that's
the class me bathe so he so III have no
more rectum Wow
so a virgin again I'm kidding and then
you put the background to the front and
that's all they did there and then I had
then they but to but they did they swept
the prostate clean with the radiation
they said we're down there anyway so we
might as well do their prostate too so
they fixed a prostate and thank God I
never had it taken out because now I can
I got the sleeping giant is awoke again
giant yeah yeah
I woke the sleeping giant up I think it
was a weed that did it too and plus my
gorgeous weight but yeah I started
getting these urges and I thought oh oh
what's happening here and I'm doing
testosterone that's probably what did it
yeah the tossin testosterone and then
and then I'm going in for a shot
tomorrow that's it's a it's a new
procedure that they use apparently to
help induce labor because it's all about
blood flow down there mm-hmm and so it's
going to do so I tried pills I tried
viagra you know it doesn't doesn't work
enough mm-hmm and so I'm going in
tomorrow for an injection of some some
help the blood so they help the giant
get a little more awake now when you
went to jail you had a sudden you your
your case was horrible I mean it was it
was so depressing to hear that you were
going to jail for making bongs yeah I
mean it just the whole thing was so sick
and that they were threatening to put
your family in jail and then that's how
they sent you to jail you couldn't smoke
pot for a while after that right years
how long probably three years you're on
probation probation pre probation before
you went to jail pre-agreed trial
because if you get caught in you end up
getting tortured what the whole time I
was there nine months I was there I
couldn't smoke they tested me all the
time they try to catch me mm-hmm
there's nothing to catch and then a year
after that I was on probation and I
never smoked I can quit you know I got
willpower you know I can quit I quit
smoke and I quit drinking I quit eating
bad food whatever but you had the record
but one thing that happened that was
great who was that you became even more
of a hero to the cannabis community
because people knew you truly were a
martyr and it was outrageous and it was
so it was so wrong that even people that
didn't smoke pot really kind of fuck you
arrested Tommy Chong they come on like
all the terrorists in the world the
criminals are rapists and murderers no
you gonna put Tommy John in jail yeah
like what are we protecting or serving
what are we doing here which one which
one is that yeah they were just showing
off showing off but once I once I get in
I was in there with a lot of people that
were unjustly incarcerated I was in
there with the orthopedic surgeon for
the Rams
and he he had been in attacks that it
wasn't it was legal at the time he did
it which was that he had a big car
collection and he and he rode off the
car collection somehow and then the IRS
changed people and and next thing you
know they they came to him and said you
all this money and if you don't pay it
you got to go to jail and he couldn't
pay it so he went to jail oh this is the
earth of Pedic surgeon and he's like
super straight the street is one of the
straightest guys ever met and there was
another guy that that figured out the OJ
tax scheme you know how OJ can keep his
is money from the chances in Florida
yeah well it's a it's a law that a
loophole that allowed you know OJ to
keep his taxes I mean tax free money and
so so this accountant figured out how to
do it and he started getting rich people
so they didn't have to pay taxes and so
rather than to change the law or do
anything like that they just put his ass
in jail because they could and they put
him in there for a year and he wasn't
doing anything illegal
nothing illegal except and then they
told him or you you're going to get out
in a year but you're not going to do
that tax thing anymore Wow no no no the
government the IRS is kre-o do not want
to owe them money especially if your
Trump oh well they're coming after him
right now right what are they coming
after him for now they'd like New York
State is allowing Congress to subpoenas
tax returns oh yeah yeah Deutsche Bank
they got his accountant is the count
nothing to do with the federal
government I tell everybody why would
you want to be President
like why would you want to do that to
yourself unless you're super clean and
let if you're super clean they're gonna
make shit up about you know the only
reason Trump did it is because you Luton
so much money do you think so oh for
sure very sure how did this lose their
billionaire get get financed over and
over and over again and guess who's the
laundering money like crazy from Russia
the guy that needs the money no the
whole Trump family's going to go down
you think so oh for sure
taxes man Al Capone - Donald Trump you
can't evade taxes so do you think that
he owes taxes that he owes Putin he owes
Putin so much money that he's scared to
death how do you know this common sense
okay so it's a guess
oh no they figured out okay let's go
down the history
Komi is a FBI right more FBI trunk was
attacking Obama was the birther Obama's
a President Obama's got control of the
FBI CIA everybody so Obama says okay
find out about this trunk guy so they
found out about him but the thing is
they can't really do anything on this he
becomes president other than that he
just walked away free no one gives you
anything unless he becomes president
yeah are you mean the FBI there's no
breaking the law there's no law that
says that you can't deal with Russia
right only law says you can't deal with
Russia and be the President of the
United States right time right the only
time he would break any laws is that if
if he became president right and he has
to become president and he became
president thanks to call me because
Hillary was gonna win no matter what
they say Hillary was gonna win until
Comey said oh and they knew they knew
back in Obama time that there was
nothing really wrong that Hillary did
nothing nothing
well they told her to release emails she
deleted 30,000 of them so but she wasn't
supposed to do that that's illegal and
she was using her own personal email
server instead of the government's which
were it was kinda out of laziness and
convenience more than
than anything illegal you know she
wasn't looking to get finance to her
hotel by the Russians you know she
wasn't looking for money
mmm her and Bill had money they got
money yeah yeah I think it's a little
bit fishy a little little stinky stuff
around there yeah but it's normal it's
it's not politics so so my theory is is
that Comey and the FBI said let's get
this guy so you think they let him
become president so they can't get him I
think bars part of the part of the the
the the Comey gang this you know it's
gonna be hilarious about this this video
when people watch this thing I know how
high is Tommy Chong Tommy Chong jeweler
made Trump presidents so they could
prosecute them yeah yeah that's an
interesting theory yes but think about
how think anybody's controlling the
strings that well but puppeteers so that
good
listen if look at everybody that was
around Trump that became chief of staff
and everything else well all military
right why because chunk Trump's got his
finger on the button
he's got a bill ADEA to get on the
button mm-hmm and so in order to keep
him in line they got people around him
that can keep him in right yeah yeah and
the FBI they can infiltrate anything
they infiltrated the mob for years they
infiltrated the Hells Angel do you think
they couldn't infiltrate Donald Trump's
gang but do you think they were trying
to absolutely will be just because him
going after Obama with the birther stuff
it's a start
yeah you messed with the president look
at that and other people weren't saying
he was from Kenya right there's some
ridiculous Photoshop analysis of his
birth certificate anything anything to
keep a black guy from being a president
yeah and that's what they found out easy
and and and and the FBI in the federal
lives you know against racism and that's
pretty pretty pretty strict it's pretty
heavy
you know until Trump Guardian and so so
anyway this my theory that that that's
something she's got a theory right there
yeah like like I I really feel that
Giuliani as is part of the scheme to
keep Trump
you know why was hope well you could
some hope you know hey they can't look
at your taxes you're the president for
Christ's sake you know yeah you're the
supreme leader you know well he does
have there's some things they won't do
when you're in office absolutely won't
indict you for certain things
absolutely and so they plan it well look
at mother said he says I'm gonna hand
this off to the Congress mm-hmm you can
impeach him here's all the evidence you
need to impeach him and no the Democrats
they've got to figure out are we going
to impeach him goes through that or are
we just going to go to the election and
beat assassin election and then then
arrest him after the election who do you
think is gonna beat him in the election
anybody anybody you think Joe tiny them
oh yeah really
oh yeah you are high huh no strong
weaned what are you getting there
well look at look at the trunk the trunk
backers for instance right can you find
one thinker in that backing group well I
mean who are we were talking about the
same thing you know the Kin Kin Kin
think racism blind you
right but what racism racism is
ignorance it's its appearance I've got
to do it I had it in my family you know
so I know exactly I've been I've been
you know just in close to racist and I
know that mentality and so here egg nuts
yeah ignorant doesn't stop with one
thing it carries on to a lot of a lot of
other things Wow like work and like all
sorts of things and so when you look at
the people that are opposing Trump you
know the women the the kids the
intellectuals the the liberals
progressives all those people they want
a good future for our country you know
the other ones they just want to keep
everybody else out or perceived enemies
its perceived enemies that anyone late
anybody with a gun that's the whole
thing you know if you have a gun
not very intelligent was that because
you're paranoid you win them if you have
a gun you're not intelligent because
you're paranoid having a gun means that
you're afraid that someone's going to
come and attack you mm-hmm you know
right and and so that having a gun is
like late they want to arm teachers for
instance do not seem katana crazy yeah
that is so stupid
it is so dumb right you know it's just
like the ones that knew no about guns
like the cops that didn't go into the
school the guy's got a a K yeah they're
not gonna go into that school with their
little pistols and so they didn't go
into the school and the ones that rush
to God they ended up dying so what I'm
saying is that if you if you have a gun
and you if you think you need a gun for
your house for whatever if you think you
have something that's worth someone
else's life then you are ignorant well I
don't necessarily think that's what they
think they don't think that the gun is
worth someone else's life they think
they don't want to get their life taken
by a home invasion
yeah which does happen did you see that
video of the guy that had a raccoon on
his boat no he had a raccoon on his bow
he was easy sir any any any no I was a
wild raccoon and he filmed it and he's
20 miles out in the sea and he sees this
raccoon and so he filmed himself kicking
the raccoon off the boat into the ocean
into the ocean oh he filmed it and they
knew when he posted it because he had no
idea how ignorant that was he had no
idea was the raccoon dangerous was it
trying to will fuck you up well fuck you
sure sure but like the what would the
wild the wild guys the wildlife guys
said just get a blanket
throw it over put him in the in the in
the bathroom yeah until you close to
shore I might kick him off yeah you know
but this guy right away he freaked it
out music this is my parrot off my boat
terrible well see that's that's the form
of ignorance that that I'm talking about
it's also just fear it's furious that's
what that's what fear is fear is
ignorance right but if someone has a gun
in their house to protect themselves
from home invasions home invasions do
happen
and people have saved their family with
guns that that's a real thing you don't
read about that much oh you read about
it plenty if you go looking for it
really yeah there's some stories if you
look at the the overall there's they
have like a pie chart of gun violence in
this country and an unfortunately large
number is suicides when I started
talking about how many people have died
unfortunately large numbers suicide by
gun and I feel like if people are gonna
kill themselves with a gun they'd
probably kill them so the pills or
anything else or they had that as well
right and then there's justifiable
homicides by the police there's there's
people that are protecting their house
there's a bunch of different there's
gang violence there's a bunch of
different things to get lumped in when
we talk about gun violence but a certain
percentage of them are people that are
protecting their house or their help
their their family from someone who's
trying to hurt them yeah I got it
happening case I'm in business with it
with an ex-pilot from Vietnam and I'm
quite sure he has a sidearm in his his
house mm-hmm but it would be useless
because it's so locked away and so
hidden by the time anything happened by
the time he got to that gun and got it
loaded and found a maintainer of the
odds yeah maybe or maybe he could keep
it right by his bed no in this in this
one instance and then what what if it's
your daughter something coming in and
late at night and and you mistake her
for her while you open your mouth and
say something I suppose she into the
dark or what if you have a homicidal
tendencies and you've been one he sees
one thing I learned about guns because I
grew up with guns too i groomed in the
in the country and we're up in Calgary
Alberta Canada oh really oh that's right
you're Canadian yeah great so guns guns
were about moving back up there oh no I
lived up there oh no oh no no la is
where you want to be but I grew up with
with what guns were yeah well you
actually needed a gun well you know like
especially when the when the Hawks are
coming down to get your chickens or you
know you know some stuff like that but I
seen the gun culture in in in cow
and it turned me off mm-hmm because I
sing kids they would take a stray dog
entirely him bring him up to the field
time to a tree or something or post and
then shoot him oh Jesus
shoot him yeah that a sport you know and
and they couldn't because here's the
thing about guns oh I went duck huntin
with my brother one time and in the
field
and I got bored waiting for the Ducks to
come and so here comes what he call it's
not your phone
yeah okay so there's your wrist ringing
he turned it off no we went duck honey
and we're waiting there for hours where
did the Ducks to come over and my
brother he got bored and there's a
muskrat swimming across the thing so he
shot it with his shotgun and he walks
out into the middle of the the Slough
picks up the muskrat as the Ducks flew
over top of us just stupidity man that's
definitely stupid but there's
responsible gun owners don't you think
well see are like I was an army cadets
and when we we had practice I'm a
sharpshooter by the way yeah yeah I got
some some what he called patches you
know sharpshooter 300 yards so so I know
how to handle a rifle anyway but when we
go shooting we would have to first of
all we never got the weapon and until we
march down into firing position then
we're handed the weapon and one bullet
and then we put the bullet in hit the
target and another bullet shoot the
target you know when we were finished we
had to pick up all our casings and give
them back enough so anything was missing
no one left until they found that
missing bullet and that's gun safety
yeah then the gun was taken from us and
put it in an armory it's only used when
you're going to use it you know just
like walk around the skill saw you know
you can have a license to carry a skills
but you don't have a skill saw strapped
to your side and you can take out and
you know try your skill saw anytime you
learn is that the open carry thing is
very strange when they see people
walking around with guns strapped to
their hips in Arizona you're like okay
they're targets why don't you do that
you're in target anyway yeah it's like
the bikers like bikers you know the
Hells Angels and the Mongols and that
they're the only crime in sin again I
know that appetize on their back look at
me
yeah look at me I'm gonna suck I'm a you
know I start I I do all sorts out beat
up people I kill people here and I write
on a big hog you know it's crazy but
people do that for recognition yeah see
that's like mass shooters that's what
they do it for get their name in the
paper
yeah look what I did look at useless old
me another side so you solution it
what's the craziest thing about mass
shooters is this not a thing I mean guns
have been around for a long time but
this is not a thing that's been around
for a long time this is a fairly recent
thing that keeps erupting over and over
and over again I don't know you were too
young to remember but when I was a kid
the crime comics were banned you're
banned they were banned because you were
bad they showed violence displayed by
comic books Wow and they were people up
in arms about comic books and now you
got video games are you gonna be a mass
killer
well how about movies you know I mean so
many movies movies John wick movies is
everybody's getting shot everybody yeah
I love it one of my favorites -
peppermint with peppermint what's up
Jennifer Gardner oh she's a superhero Oh
peppermint the the the name of the movie
is peppermint here this Sammy yeah
Malick must eight-months it's great but
I watched it about three times now and
in the lats yeah
well have you watched it so many times I
think Jennifer Gardner is kind of hot oh
okay and and this year I see her to see
her with the guns in her and the third
time I realized a lot of it
stunt stunt people how can you tell just
I seen it so many times it wasn't okay
so you're looking for everything for the
little thing but again that's the kind
of violence said that we we get known
and people get a mutant yes especially
especially people they get stupid you
know like when I was a kid I I saw my
brother died recently and there's a
whole picture photo thing of him and I
when we were kids and they used to get
put under the Christmas tree six guns
and we're when we're little guys we we
were three or four years old I had six
guns strapped to my myself you know
because cowboy Roy Rogers and Gene Autry
and that was a big deal you know you had
your six gun shooters but you never shot
anybody you just shot the gun under
their hand yeah that was the old days
you know right the good guys always shot
people in the hand they shot the gun
away from him different world
ya know going from the old days to big
bamboo to where we're at today where
you're actually in the weed business now
oh you know what Jon this choice which
is crazy right it's like whoever
arrested for just selling glass how many
years ago is that 15:03 Oh through 16
years ago
oh three so 16 years ago you're arrested
for just selling glass 2019 yourself
full-on weed really in four or five
countries that's crazy
Germany Spain you can you were so ahead
of the curve yeah but you also you were
one of the real oh geez that paid a
price yeah yeah and you know now it's
gotta be nice to see that your influence
had something to do with all this I did
it did it feels really well did all your
movies me you guys made weed look fun
yeah yeah it was fun yeah but everybody
made it out like you know you go from if
you think about propaganda positive and
negative you go from reefer madness
which is the most negative to the qin
qiong movies yeah which is probably the
most positive most buzz up until like
baked that was the most positive that
we'd stuff we ever saw right it was so
super positive was all just silly
they're fun crazy this is silly humor
ghetto humor yeah you know a lot of
ghetto humor and and and I wanted to be
the rich guy you know the kid of the
rich guy cuz that's what the 60s
happened you know all the you know in
order to get laid you had to be hippy
and so all the rich kids growing their
hair long and you know yeah you know
living on the streets all that stuff
yeah yeah you guys popular as vans too
and we you know yeah you know we we used
to say when we'd be on the radio I some
of the radio shows and I and I was
really popular on the right-wing radio
shows because no I I would I'd inflame
the whole class they'd get all pissed
off at me as I would out people you know
like like I have added Danny Sullivan
you know the racecar driver
uh-huh I saw yeah Danny smokes pot you
know I people got mad at you for that
they went nuts I think that's why I got
busted real because I was in st. Louis
on a radio show that Ashcroft listened
to and I think ashcoff heard me and the
hit went out people forgot how crazy
that guy is yeah do you mean still alive
that's a good question but do you
remember when he was singing he had a
song that he sang that he wrote about
let the eagle soar this is where yes
when he was Attorney General and it was
so creepy and crazy that this person
would say he had a whole album of gospel
music like he was a psycho it was I
would love to climb inside that guy's
head and find out what kind of gears are
spinning around in there I think I did I
think I ended up in jail my rock
yeah he had a whole song that he sang on
television he said I think he's sang it
was either in front of Congress or
something along those lines were you
know he was giving a speech somewhere
and then along with the speech he wanted
to sing this song
let the eagle soar like she's never
sword before it's so my here it seemed
you fight it Jamie it's it's so bad they
got ten seconds from my daily show
moment of Zen that they did with it well
this have it the video I know it's that
video look shitty this is the clearest
we got good fucker quick it's just ten
seconds of it okay here's the here's the
video look at this check this out look
up they're from rocky coast stop that's
all you need to say like stop you can
nothing forever bro that's when you kind
of say yeah maybe guns are okay yeah
maybe everything's fine maybe missiles
but seeing a guy like that thinking that
that psychopath had any control
whatsoever over any laws or anyone
getting arrested that guy is fucking
insane do you think I was wanting to
cover the breasts yes yeah hey Dead
which brought attention to him yeah no
one noticed the tits before he put a
veil over exactly then now they're
looking at all you see his titties he
was a spooky guy he was y'all well yeah
I found that uh Bush administration had
some spooky fucking people then they
really did it's really interesting then
history whitewash is these weird old
guys yeah like Ronald Reagan after he
died Ronald Reagan became like this
painter insane of conservative thinking
when I was in high school Ronald Reagan
was president and everybody fucking
hated that yeah they hated them yeah it
was like he was a creep he thought about
him like this guy's a fraud he's a
phonies lying about selling arms to Iran
the whole thing was it was so crazy to
watch that guy become this loved figure
I used to work out with his daughter
patty really yeah and her and I were
pretty good friends until when they came
to the gym and I saw part of a movie
called Caligula and she said oh how did
you like it I said I was too faggy for
me and apparently Ron her brother
brother is very gay and she
Lewin sheep all up at me how how can you
say that how dare you I don't you know
my brother and yeah so nothing to do
with the movie I'm not into that that's
okay I just don't like watching it it
doesn't mean I don't want you to do it
yeah Ronde was like super hardcore
Democrat right his son it was that was
an interesting little thing yeah that
his son was gay well Ronnie was wasn't
that right-wing and until until he found
it better a path for him like Trump yeah
he was Ronnie was a Democrat like Trump
yeah yeah yeah he was what he was
younger yeah see when they get older you
know then that's that always happens
I'll sell your paranoid paranoid just
don't want to tighten up the borders and
lock and load let the eagle she's never
imagined like sitting down writing that
out and then and then singing it with
all that emotion and passion if that
makes any fucking sense to anyone well
obviously he know there is no stopping
him you know he's a fucking moron and
the songs about a bird that's a evil rep
like a raptor like an eagle was a
fucking monstrous animal will eat babies
they'll eat anything they can get their
hands on they swoop down snatch fish
right out of fucking River their fuck I
mean there are amazing creatures that
don't hang giggles but the idea that
that's America America is a fucking
vicious flying dinosaur it's kind of
hilarious it really is kind of hilarious
if that's our animal funny no III pissed
off a lot of people in you know yeah not
meaning to I used to say you know we
used to say when they would attack us
you know what if we're right mmm what if
everything we're doing is right and
you're wrong and next thing you know
it's true we were right yeah well you've
been you were right the whole time yeah
and you know I remember when I first
started smoking weed I was well I had
smoked it a couple of times up until I
was thirty and then when I was thirty my
friend Eddie Eddie Bravo got
hi for the first time I remember I
couldn't believe that this was what pot
was I was like this is it I thought it
made you stupid I can't stop thinking
about things like yes some of the
thoughts are little unorganized and kind
of chaotic but it wasn't making me lazy
it wasn't doing any of these things that
people were claiming it did make me
stupid it made me curious yeah maybe you
want to watch science documentaries yeah
and eat yeah no it just it is one of the
biggest puzzles of modern times is that
even in 2019 with all these states that
have legalized it there's still a bunch
of people that think that pot is bad for
you and then it makes you lazy and I
always say that pot is like any other
tool it's like a hammer you could build
a house with a hammer or you can just
hit yourself in the dick if you're
fucking crazy it's the same thing with
pot that's executive use pot and it can
enhance your life and it can enhance
your relationship and the hand makes you
friendlier more come more camaraderie
more compassion or you can just get
stoned all day and do nothing
you got that goddamn phone ringing on
your got it does that freak you out
having nothing I had one of those on my
wrist for a day I was like what am i
doing I don't know I don't know how to
work it so it's just decoration for me
because he updates my everything okay
okay if it wasn't for Paris I'd still be
riding a bike yeah I don't I don't I had
one of those that I was using for a
while for like fitness tracking stuff
then I got this whoop I got this other
thing that's quite a bit more accurate
and does more stuff you're 51 51 yeah
good shape thank you
I'm scared never let it go I work out
all the time because I'm terrified of it
falling apart well no you're hooked on
the agenda
you're hooked on endorphins fridge yeah
but that too it's also for mental health
reasons like for me I need to go sighs
well like Arnold you know when I when I
first came to LA
I first thing I did was join Gold's Gym
because I read about it you know -
getting in Vancouver and then I met
Arnold all all the guys and and there
there was so healthy you know if he took
a sip of 7up he had spit it out
really yeah and he was super super
healthy but he smoked a joint he was
smoking Jordan that was another thing
pumping iron that documentary pump
parents saw him after he won yeah
smoking a joint
I made pot look better like wow this guy
smoke pot right
how the fuck does pot make you a loser
if the biggest bodybuilder on the planet
the most successful yes yeah yeah I
ordered him one time like I owned
everybody and and Arnold was walking was
Stallone at the time and as that famous
picture
yeah they unload this numero uno they
asked Arnold you know Tommy Chong said
that he smoked pot with you and and
Stallone jumped in right away oh no
that's a lie that's a lie never smoked
in arson no no yeah we did smoke but we
knew how to enjoy ourselves mate yeah
shoot alone trying to cover it up well
the lowest alone those Rambo movies I
got some good stories on Stallone but
you know remember Jordan Belfort Jordan
Belfort the wolf of Wall Street
yes yeah I was in jail with him ah I
helped him read his book really yeah
in fact where all I did was insult him
and made him racist because I was
reading my book and he was started he
said what are you doing I'm writing
because we shared a cubicle and I said
I'm writing my book he says I'm gonna
write a book so he wrote a couple of
pages and he handed it to me like a
breed this you know and I read it and it
was like a copy of Tom Wolfe
you know bonfires and manatees and I
said yeah been written shit and handed
it back to him and it's what do you mean
you haven't written nothing he's but
what should I write he challenged me I
just write what you know I said write
those stories you've been telling me
every night you know there's one rule
that you got to remember when you're
writing or doing anything
it's called the most of so you don't get
you don't just get high you get higher
than anybody's ever gotten in their life
if you better put it on screen you know
you don't just have a fight you have a
fight that goes on forever you know
that's that's the kind of stuff you need
that people are interested and so he
said you didn't talk to me for a boat
but a month after that he was mad at you
yeah he was just right now show this guy
you know and he wrote the wolf of Wall
Street real and then he give it to you
in New York are you got something here
no no no no no the last time the next
time I saw him he pulled in front of my
house with his car we were we were both
on probation so we couldn't talk to each
other and so he yelled from his car he
goes hey I sold them sold the book to
Martin Scorsese we were so you're
allowed to talk to each other by yelling
yeah but you couldn't be close yeah you
couldn't be how close did you have to
how far away do you have to stay Wow you
know technically you're not supposed to
talk to each other you know but but
yelling there no one's gonna say
anything about that's hilarious yeah no
no use that you violate your probation
they put your backing right because
you're associating with felons that's
right right that's that's so crazy that
someone who you're trying to
rehabilitate with yeah you can't talk to
them because they all so fucked up there
is a Nixon speechwriter that was in with
me and he was so innocent and they
wondered what the government was trying
to get stuff on Imelda Marcos you know
the Philippines and and this lawyer that
I was in there was a speechwriter a
Reagan speechwriter and and he wouldn't
give up Marcos or Imelda and so they put
him in jail for a year and when he got
out on probation being a straight guy he
was he went home and took a valium to
help him sleep and he got drug test at
the next day he went back in jail he say
you got to be very careful when you're
dealing with probation people because
they got you by the balls man that's
such it's gotta be a weird thing dealing
with the probation officers because they
have that power over you oh yeah do they
fuck with you not me I was too much of a
celebrity and I had a lot of nice ladies
and so I've served with them
you know girlfriends yeah served with
everything as I'm sure like all things
right there's good people doing in bad
oh yeah yes it's a job yeah it's a job
it's a paycheck you know the sad thing
about when I was in jail and Taft it was
said it's built over a toxic waste dump
worthy StuH that's where they found oil
in Taft in California and when they
found oil back in the day they never had
a way to contain it they would just dig
it and hit it and they would just spill
all over the the ground and so they
would dig big trenches of like big pools
and they would fill up with oil and then
they would get the barrels and dip the
barrels in and that saw they filled up
the oil barrels and and so after they
figure out how to do it right
the ground is all toxic and so they
built a federal prison overtop of it
Wow and so everybody that's worked there
and a lot of people that did time
they're all gotten cancer and died so
you think that's probably the root of
your cancer could be could be could be
he's sure yeah easy yeah because that's
where I got it and they say that
marijuana does something to cancer right
inhibits cancer in certain ways I don't
know technically what it does I think
what it does more than anything it calms
a brain mmm see you know anytime you
calm the brain you lose the fear mm-hmm
so you know the fear is that
fight-or-flight you know that's your
response your body goes into this
fight-or-flight mode and when you calm
that down your body just goes into
relaxation mode and when you're in the
fight-or-flight mode the other parts of
your body can't handle your immune
system but when you're in a total
relaxed mode that's why when an animal
gets hurt they usually just crawl off in
a corner somewhere and just lay there
and lick their wounds and and and they
just calm everything down and then they
let the body take over to heal and I
think what happens with pot is it it
mellows the brain to the point where you
and so what you know and you you allow
your body to take over but you still
need that other treatments yes
need the chemo and radiation you need
all that stuff you know are you taking
CBD oil no yeah yeah yeah how much you
take I'm not sure I'm not good at that
amounts you take it I take it I have a
right now I'm on testosterone and in CBD
yeah and then just flour you know he
smoked up a couple of joints well we've
got a we got a gift bag for you yes
thank you yeah thank you thank you so
he's gonna have it I got something for
be real it scared the shit out of me
I did be real smoke box oh yeah be real
from Cyprus yeah I know be fuck that's
probably high as ever been in my life
really those guys go hard oh yeah I
couldn't keep up with him no no I don't
even try I'm a lightweight when I spoke
with Arnold
there's all the Dave Draper all these
muscle heads would come around you know
they got a big bomb and the thing was it
put like like a an ounce in the bowl and
then they'd fired up and then they'd
suck on it so hard
whoever exploded the the ball into the
into the water made it explode then you
were the hero
it's a although all the muscle dad's
there they're taking their hip Arnold
takes a bigot you know the thing he
explodes then they hand it to be able to
like wasn't Chung and I with the Chong
at the time so they just looked at me
like yeah okay go silver there's back
then you were just a guy yeah I was just
burning it almost faceless what was it
like being famous for being a pothead
back in the 70s
cuz that had to be weird as you were you
were you and Cheech were famous pot
heads
yeah we're I don't think there was
anybody else like who else was a famous
pot head no level no no one maybe no one
ever was named the actor okay
I can think of his name he did time he
did a year in jail in County for one
joint Robert Mitchum oh yeah Albert
Mitchum but he was like a straight-laced
guy yeah the image big cowboy yeah he's
a tough guy that was the image well you
know what the big the big draw for pot
was the sex see it was it was before
when you call the Soper's or snow
quaaludes
you know the Kweli the quaalude was big
sex things that was people would have
sex on quaaludes oh yeah why yeah I've
never taken a quick look what does it do
for you oh just it they're called
spreaders when a girl gets high on a
quaalude like take me
yeah do you think that's why Bill Cosby
was a little girls of told me totally so
that was the thing that just relaxes you
into something makes you horny really oh
yeah and that's what pot does for me now
but no but it does for people for women
yeah and love to sleep with that and
they'd love to have sex yeah you know
after smoking joint what was Annie Hall
was in Annie Hall would woody was I and
he got a little pissed off do you have
to get high every time you make love
with me yeah I think was an taeho and I
think I think everybody in the picture
in the movie company and the movie house
said yeah I can dig it
yeah it definitely changes the way
things feel ya realizes yeah axis you
hear music Ben so you're few things
better you know everything feels nicer I
like to do yoga on it I like to smoke
weed right before I go to yoga class
yeah it's amazing you feel all the
muscles follow those tiny ones and all
the ones connected to good spots and you
don't smoke a lot or do you a couple of
talks earlier before yoga class I don't
like it too high I'll just be inside my
head yeah I just wanted like two hits
just hit just going high
I'm high but I'm not blasted yeah that's
me too you know I got I've been giving
all sorts of toys you know because I got
the Chinese choice we in the stores in
the
and so the I'm getting tons of pipes all
the time and not make pipes to the in
fact that's the not a pipe this is
another pic he gave me one of those I
last time was like six it whatever it
was six years ago last time you were on
the show yeah he gave me the not a pipe
oh good I got it at home but I you know
so so now they got they got a new one
can't think of it I got it for you here
and you oh great thank you it's called
the easy piping okay easy pipe it's so
cool because you open the thing and it's
got a lighter and built in and there's
just enough the bowl holds enough for a
little nug but does nug in there and you
can carry it in your pocket because as a
lid and then when you don't want to hit
it you just hit the lighter and you got
a hit oh I've seen one of those before
and that's like a little metal lid yeah
slides over to your side yeah those are
pretty cool oh yeah they're very nice
yeah nice little contraption all
contained well the old one hitters used
to be Chung's choice right there Kapow
yeah that's it
oh that's the that's different thing
that's something the genius pipe ah his
bar oh that's incredible incredible what
does that do well it cools the smoke hmm
see from the balls to the to the
mouthpiece the mouthpiece the whole
thing is is dimpled inside and so the
smoke goes through all this the dimples
and then cools that articles it off you
sort of like ice water and a bomb yeah
yeah better better better oh it's it's
so smooth
yeah I'll cough you're just thinking
about it but you do the genius pipe and
it's just so cool do you get all these
kids are dabbing and using wax and I
watch if you ever go to Cypress Hills
Instagram page I get fucking I get
anxiety just watching their videos like
how are you getting because they play I
want to
I and you watching the video and you're
like oh my god I can't do this I can't
even watch this though scooping that
yellow wax in there they go so deep
these kids today rather fucking mind are
heating up glass and dropping the THC
into the glass like ah how was that one
one dispensary and the guy was so proud
he handed me a big jar of shatter you
know the dab stuff and I pretended like
oh it's a gift all things in a box and I
walked away the guys did it trucked yeah
it's probably a lot of money faster it
was like a year's worth of dad oh my god
and I kept it long enough to make him
nervous and then you know with in Canada
we had to deal with hash a lot and it's
okay
but it's a little bit too harsh mmm hash
is harsh yeah for the high is
interesting though yeah yeah it's it's
intense hi you know what do you how do
you feel about edibles I love them just
sleep on mm-hmm I love chocolate I got
you is what my wife and I both use oh
yeah we'll wake up in the middle of the
night instead of you know fussing and
fighting or you know thinking about it
we just go and get a little little
chocolate thing it's delicious chocolate
- it's a defense eat chocolate and it's
it's the best thing and you just sleep
not only I slept last night but I had a
couple of them epiphanies yeah that just
blew my mind
like what how art is going to save the
world and art does can save the world
yeah how's that well you look at history
like the pyramids that was art no it's
an art piece and what happens when you
when you have big huge art pieces like
that you create employment and it's not
war so you're not fighting you're
creating and so the people that that
care for the animals the people that
have to feed the the mass of people that
have to work on getting those rocks
Garvin those rocks everything else it
creates employment and and it also
creates tourism and so you when you have
a piece of art everybody wants to come
and look at it and so that's what we
need in the world today you see and we
not only need art but we need functional
art because that's what the pyramids
were they were functional and a lot of
people think it was the the astronauts
you know in aliens the aliens in which
which could very well be yeah think so
oh sure for sure for sure why do you
think them well because there's nothing
new in the universe you know we've had
space flights we've had all that stuff
forever but you have Chung's choice
cooler pipe yeah that genius pipe
doesn't new in the universe that's
that's no it's it's probably rehashed
know somewhere in the world we have
someone you know so in the universe oh
you talk about if you want to talk about
part two Chinese Indian or all religion
what makes you think that aliens built
the pyramids oh well I'm saying they
could have been really I I think aliens
are just humans you know that because if
they're wearing spacesuits if they're
aliens why did they need a spacesuit
unless he did come from another
atmosphere I personally believe that
earth is the only planet in this
universe and the reason I believe that
is that there are countless universes
like space is endless hmm and so space
is in this why wouldn't we have our own
universe okay so you think that earth is
the only planet in this universe yes but
what about Mars well it's a dead planet
okay so earth is the only live planning
the undermount with life in this whole
universe yeah so you think that there's
multiple universes or infinite numbers
of universe yes in each universe
probably has unearthed or two or two but
you think this whole universe of
hundreds of billions of galaxies yes
with hundreds of billions of solar
systems could be there's only one planet
could be because we have the space so
the only you mean by one planet one
planet with life yes but what elegantly
but why wouldn't you think that there's
if because it's so big why wouldn't you
think there could possibly be other life
other places why couldn't it be the
other way why couldn't we be the only
ones what could be that's what I'm
saying
we turn it's only could be so so there's
no reason for me see see that's why I
have people trouble with people that are
afraid of a you know artificial
intelligence yeah I think so silly
because well because they're smart
they're smart enough to know that
they're not going to inflate anybody or
torture anybody or take over anything
the only dummies do that stuff yeah
because when you capture something you
know what you capture well their
problems whatever their problems unless
you extinguish them yeah for what reason
well the people are just destroying the
earth they're polluting the rivers
they're sucking all the fish out of the
sea it's not this guy's filled with
carbon the artificial life's gonna be
like you know what their real problems
he's got damn people their dirty little
litters
they're choking squirrels z that's the
paranoid look at it look at the positive
again what's the positive well first of
all you have to remember we live in a
physical universe okay for every action
there's a reaction so for every good
there's a bad nothing explains chunk
more than for every Obama there's a
trump okay so there's no limit to how
ignorant you can be and there's no limit
to how smart you can be there's no limit
and so when you go up the scale to the
intelligence scale then then you realize
that there is no reason for it to be
paranoid about anything because if you
it's all written out and know all the
holy books I've written it out you know
especially the Bible see the Bible has
been misconstrued by so many people
because what they do they take it to
what's going to suit their purposes and
then but but to really interpret the
Bible it's written in code it's written
it's a secret code
yeah it's metaphysical terms it's not
physical terms
physical terms what do you know about
the bottom one cold look with there's a
writer called
Emmett Fox should get into him yeah he
deciphers the whole bible does he
decipher the ancient hebrew version of
the Bible or the Greek version the Bible
Latin all the versions right but I mean
it all comes from ancient Hebrew and
when you translate things from ancient
Hebrew yes you know ancient Hebrew the
letters also double his numbers sure
yeah and and see see what the people I
read there's another mystic that I read
a long stick wise mystic you know you
know he's not he his name is Joel s
goldsmith yeah I discovered him a long
time ago but I discovered him in jail
it's a very popular book in jail and
goldsmith look him up he's all on the
computers and everything let's check him
out you're really really enjoying it
give me a new perspective because what
he maintains it's all Britain and like I
say in the Bible eternity say there's no
beginning and no end
that explains everything to me because
if there's no beginning and to no end
what can well it can happen will happen
you know mm-hmm and because this is
again this is my theory it's in the
physical world we have to learn
everything that's why everything's
physical like the first thing when
you're born you have to learn how to
breathe you have to learn how to walk
you have to learn how to eat these are
all skills that you have to literally
learn well in mothers and everything
teach you that and then when you reach a
certain age you leave the planet you
know at least your soul your spirit the
body the body stays but it's just a
vehicle and so because of eternity this
goes on and on and on and on forever
it never stops what we do as humans
we're learning we're creatures of weird
all students whether we want to be or
not you know I was trying to explain
this to my one son because my youngest
son is a bit he's a musician you know
and and I and I try to understand that
he's a musician and you know musicians
are that you know they're not
entrepreneurial as some people would
like him to be but anyway everybody's
here to learn a certain task and some of
us are blessed and to the point like me
I'm blessed and very blessed because
I've been given the ability to do what I
do and to see what I see and say what I
say you know it doesn't come from me it
comes from you know the the source what
I call the source and and that's why I
could turn prison into a religious
retreat because it's like a monk going
you know into hiatus for for nine months
you just had a thought in your head that
you're gonna treat it like a religious
retreat yeah and you'd learn about
yourself and educate yourself read all
the books take advantage of your
solitude because that's very important
when you get a chance to be alone and
that's a very important time because
that's when you connect with the the
spiritual ear spiritual teacher how must
it must have felt so good to be released
though in a way there was a lot of
sadness really yeah yeah I never looked
as good as when I got released man but
one of the because one of the inmates
there it was a barber he spent two hours
cutting my hair perfect the Chicano you
know it just perfect I came out my wife
Michelle we looked at me whoa that's the
best haircut you've ever had was perfect
we exercised it in jail oh that's how
you do you walk at night there's a track
and you can walk miles no I'm wrong the
trying the whole prisons out there
walking around walking around that's
when you're socialized you talk and
everything
two people in that and they all group
together and I learned games I learned
how to play bocce ball learn i played
pool and I sang I had a little area
where I had my own private studio it was
a entrance to the pool hall and I'd sit
in there the echo was perfect you guys
had a pool hall oh yeah we had tennis
courts pool halls a great time it was
other than not being able to leave and
even then if you wanted to leave why
would you want to leave I mean it was
perfectly seasoned that's why people go
back to jail I get released early I saw
one guy who it was sad he was crying
that he's sitting there crying anyway I
said what's wrong he's he gets released
next month and he was a junkie and he
knew that as soon as he hit the street
he was going to die he was going to die
you know and he did he soon as he hit
the street he died but he lost he was
funny he was but they had a little game
that when they opened the dormitory the
first few people to hit the mess hall
got the order eggs any way they wanted
like over easy or sunny side-up whatever
and so he'd be he'd get all anxious
you'd be the first guy in line and he'd
be kind of getting be getting ready to
so the doors open man he'd do it and you
couldn't run you had to walk and so he
learned that this mark last it worked
real fast and and he was he was a
delight but when he got released he took
his own life Sam yeah yeah I hung his
own life with heroin or probably yeah
that's probably it was it was sad just
couldn't help himself once you know well
see you know everybody's worried about
socialism well America is a bigger
socialist country in the world yeah
we've got more people in jail than
anywhere else in the world and what's it
what do you the would it what happens in
jail cradle to grave you're fed you're
clothed you're told what the where
you're told what the way what the -
you're allowed to study certain things
you're totally controlled medical you
got free medical there are prisoners
that would go to jail so they get their
open hearts
surgery because the federal law and
mandate said if you have something wrong
with you they have to fix it and so
there were prisoners that would break
the law so they can get in to get their
open-heart surgery Wow
yeah that's crazy they that's some
next-level thinking I'm gonna go to jail
so I can get open-heart surgery yeah
yeah what did what did they prevent you
from reading any books was there
anything that was like on did you order
whatever you wanted they they had a it
was weird
they had a thing about they would take
covers off magazines and and you know
the my subscription cards they would
take that out because people on the
outside would Dolson with the acid LSD
and shipped the books in there and then
next thing you know half a dorm would be
tripping on acid they're eating pieces
of paper and that that kind of stuff
always went on but as far as now you
could read whatever you wanted basically
you know III read a lot of books at it
you know I was minion to read you know
and I helped a lot of people I would do
the eating you know the HHR yeah I would
do the eating you know how to do that on
the Indian grounds oh yeah yeah it's
real easy
yeah throw the coins it's really heads
tails you know well though it's
supposedly it's some sort of like future
reading yeah thing do you think it works
oh yeah what does it tie yeah well first
time I did it yeah I rolled it i did my
explain to people how it works well what
it is you get three coins and and you
throw the three coins and you get
numbers from six to nine and anything in
between six seven six eight nine
I think that's something like that
anyway each number tells you what line
you're going to read and you saw it
three times and you're right down and
then you get a sort of like a plan of
what page you're supposed to look at
and then when you get the page then it
tells you you know but but you're asking
it because you got to ask the eaching
for what proved something you know and
it'll answer it it'll answer you it's
for instance I threw mine when I did it
I threw it and the first line said you
are in jail for a reason whoa how does
it say that it just said it and it says
it how is it what do you translate it
you read it it's been written in that
book for centuries that line has was in
the in that book for centuries really
3,000 years something like that
and so I read it because still they
still talk about chariots and kings and
wanes everything and that was the first
scientific reason gels are corrective
institutions that will correct your
behavior that's how they eat chains
telling you that's what the eating well
what they did they updated the girls
that wrote it they updated it to the
modern time mm-hmm
you know it's I think it's Armstrong is
the girls that there are a couple of
girls that wrote it's a big thick book
but it hits hid and then went on there
and another guy Mike this this Chicano
he saw me so he thought it was a game so
he's all set for the game what would you
play in I said no I'm doing the eating I
said you want me to do you and he said
yeah so I did his and it's very polite
not to read the readings of the other
guy and let him read it first
and so I I did the numbers and and and I
give it to him and he read it and he
just handed me the book and you went sat
on his bunk and he just stared and so
then I I read what I was what it said
and he a month before he lost his wife
in child in a car accident they were
coming out to visit him and the eaching
said you were suffering a great
misfortune
oh it was like dead-on Wow
and the itching goes on italia you know
what to do and you know this is next
month's it's gonna be tough this one's
going to be good you know and we see
hope for you it's like astrology it's
almost the same but I know my Terence
Mckenna was really into it he's really
into the eating and he thought it was
some sort of a map of time he was trying
to figure out what it was and how it
worked and why I can predict things and
if you mess with it it'll it'll tell you
fuck with it like it's the G board you
know sometimes if you do the Ouija board
it's same thing and if you start making
it a game you know let's ask it this us
ask it that who's gonna win the race
tomorrow on that and and right away the
chain catches that and knows your real
feelings and it tells you you know tell
you don't don't do what do you think it
is it's a Chinese I think she I think
what it is it's a spiritual way of
communicating us remembering ghosts were
Patrick Swayze had to learn how to move
a coin mm-hmm remember that you know the
spirits especially spiritual people and
they're around us and so you give them a
chance to communicate with you because
they know all they will communicate and
so the e Ching gives the spirits a
chance to communicate so when you throw
a coin they know what what what heads or
tails or whatever it is numbers that you
need read to talk to you right and
that's that's my theory
hmm gotta try it
yeah I'm curious because I do know that
many people have used it to try to
figure out what their life is about what
they're doing with their life and the
weirdest thing about it is they they
seem to find some real answers in it and
they keep them to them talk yeah but
that the idea that I had heard that made
the most sense was that the way the
world were
is not as simple and as easy as one plus
one equals two left right left right
walk down the road but that there's
intention and thought that also helps
formulate our universe what the eaching
does is it somehow clarifies intention
and thought and it clarifies like the
the actually your actual the actual
process is going on in your mind and it
quantifies it and puts it into like a
way that you can read your effect on
life and life's effect on you in this
and then it reads it somehow or another
even though it doesn't make any sense
well it meant to the nation's yeah of
discovering yep what's happening yeah
it's a method of communicating with the
spirit world you think that's what it is
oh yeah and and the thing is getting
back to the AI the artificial
intelligence that we already use
artificial intelligence in our lives
every day like Alexa she's a good exam
that bitch yeah I love her she never
steered me wrong
yeah you know she's told me I've asked
the wrong questions right but I see this
is my theory is that that we are we
everybody in the universe wants us and
the spirits they want us to be
enlightened you know because the more
enlightened we are the more we can enjoy
but we what we've inherited because when
you're born into this world you you've
inherited you're taking it for granted a
kingdom amazing yeah you've inherited it
especially in comparison to the rest of
time all the human history this is the
greatest time the greatest most it's
fortunate see look at look at look oh we
got now going for us no and how much
effort did that take you know it was
like being part of a team and and so
when you're ready above me you're you're
pushed out in front you're up there and
so you know our our duty as
as students is to learn everything we
can learn and to teach whatever we can
teach you know and that's why there
should be no paranoia because we're not
here long enough so that being rich or
being poor it makes any kind of a
difference you know because you know
yourself I mean what do you really need
in this life right
you know what do you really need water
food companionship love yeah France yeah
yeah and something interesting that you
like to do
yeah because I said I've been hanging
with billionaires now and what he'd have
been doing with them you're just saying
you know you know they they like hit me
because I I get recognized everywhere I
go so so it sort of it's like you know
walking real status symbol famous guy
you can get into restaurants and for the
most part they're they're hard-working
very you know like a lot of burdens
being rich a lot of burdens and and you
know just with me you know it's like
instead of owning a boat I'd rather know
a guy that owns a boat definitely don't
have to deal with that's true I'd like
to be free I like to be totally free
yeah yeah that's the reality of I mean
if you want to have a big giant crazy
business you're gonna have a lot of
employees gonna have a lot of problems
you have to deal with and you're the
last guy to get paid yeah yeah and
you're the last guy that goes home yeah
everybody else forgets what they're
doing as soon as they walk out that door
and you're all those problems are in
your butt
yeah yeah I I went through that I had
two nightclubs at one time but I never
bothered with the money part at all I
just I just worried about the stage and
the mic was working and there was us in
Vancouver when how long it was us
this was sixties in this yeah you had
night clubs like comedy clubs or like
well one one was an after-hours sort of
like a jazz dance bottle club mm-hmm
and it was given to me see there again
you know hey hey Tommy you want a club
and I said sure the guy buddy give you a
club yeah well he bought a building
mm-hmm and back and then back in the day
you know there was a steak house in the
basement he says where the cheers pay
rent when when you can what
so I went in what was this guy's deal he
owned buildings most people that own
buildings don't be giving them away
oh yeah what'd they do rent-free rent
yes all the time
you can get a year's free rent just cuz
they want to get someone in the only one
that you get it you get it going see
soon as we start being successful we're
paying I said $500 a month rent so he
got you going so we made a ton of money
in there and that's where I got the
band's you know that's where I honed my
skills as a musician and singer and and
all that and then I got offered another
club because it was going under and it
was a dine and dance club in Chinatown
and I thought yeah I make a great strip
club and so so we took it over the
Shanghai junk turned it into a strip
club
Vancouver's first strip club and then
you were the proprietor of Vancouver's
first ever saw strip club first one and
in fact we did a in fact we did a
Midnight Mass at a church I think we had
this stripper dancing at the church but
not stripping she kept my clothes on no
Qi Dan so that's appropriate yeah yeah
yeah there's a legend when did you start
getting in the live shows well when I
got fired from Motown because I had to
get a green card and not nobody at
Motown knew what a green card was and so
I had to miss a gig to get my green card
I got the green card and I came back and
I got fired
and so then Berry Gordy found out about
he saw you're not fired and I said that
I think I'll stay fired
going to be a berry gordy I don't know
work for what and so then I came out to
out to LA and tried to live on the beach
and be a songwriter but then my clubs
were calling me because they needed help
so I went back and I turned the strip
club into an improvisational Club so
we're doing naked improv it was great
all the girls there were actors they're
strippers and then once I turned him
into actresses they were a lot cheaper
and they're a lot more beautiful lady to
talk they did skits and then they would
take off their clothes when they had to
but within within you know the script
and that's where I met Cheech because we
had a straight guy and a straight guy's
wife found out what he was doing and
hauled him away and then chase came on
board as a straight guy and then when
Vancouver yeah Vancouver yeah but
teaches an LA guy right yeah he was up
there in case the Vietcong attacked from
Alaska so he was hiding from the draft
well not really
he will not really he was trying to stay
out of the way let's put it down move
and then then he he had a sneak back in
there away from killing yeah but it was
easy coming in into LA from Canada he
just showed someone else's ID and they
said back in the day yeah world was slot
slippery
yeah and that's so that's what I'm
saying I I'm so blessed
you know because everything the universe
and it was from the each change started
one of the guitar players turned me on
to the II Ching back then and and my
reading was perfection you're going to
be everything's perfect you're gonna
really do well and then Jason Chong and
all that stuff happened here we are and
you guys are torn again yeah all right
how long you been torn again when'd you
guys get back together
Oh 808 yeah 11 years how crazy is that
that that's 11 years ago that doesn't
seem like 11 years ago we say oh wait
it's like God just happened oh no it's
2019 so almost 2000
20 no no that that trade keeps the
ruling never stops
what is this Jamie this is Bobby Taylor
in the Vancouver's whoa that's me that's
you yeah how old were you there 20 Bobby
Taylor in the Vancouver's twice I kind
of sunglasses off yeah they did it even
back then Wow Bobby Taylor in the
Vancouver that's the motel on Sunset
Strip is that you with the yellow jacket
which ones yeah yeah yeah yeah that's
you yeah Wow that's crazy
and then we oh we went over to England
met Jimi Hendrix whoa and changed our
lives
this is way we looked when we went over
there and we came back long hair
everybody wore different clothes Wow
now when you went from this to comedy
yeah like how did you make that leap
well nobody really knew that I could
talk you know I was in a black band so
everybody else you know I was a guitar
player so you know I had nothing to say
other than I owned the club and no one
knew that no heard that I was always a
backup guitar player when I got into
comedy Wallace was doing what happened I
had hired when I turned the strip club
into a improv of improvisation Club I
hired the act we already had which was a
black tap dancer named taps Harris and
Jeannie a black singer and they had a
band and so I the first get I had tap
the first get was about a pajama party
that all the strippers were having at
their house after and that's how they
always change into their pajamas and in
their little nighties and that was very
sexy and then tap schemes comes by after
the show you know so called and and they
say a taps do that number that you did
on the show and so taps first time he
ever tap danced you know in front
a live audience because usually was just
an MC so he did his tap-dance and then
and it was so good that everybody wanted
to honk our that's so they made him do
an encore he quit that night it really
it's too hard work he was hired to just
Danny and here goes low low and so at
the doorman it was an English guy named
Dave and so I said Dave I need an emcee
you know he says well I'll do it if you
do it and so I okay and so we became
Dave was my first partner and so we
started we had long hair we're like
hippies and so we we did a lot of
hippies and DNA jokes you know tits and
ass domes and and then then and we had a
guitar player named gate alarm
he wrote the big hit you know during my
eye he wrote the music and so gay was
this incredible guitarist and he could
do all sort of but he was a very funny
funny funny guy and so we wrote a skit
you know where we did would torture the
audience they're all biker mostly bikers
didn't come to a strip bar you know you
didn't bikers do that and so the first
act we had it month because when we
turned it into a theater company but we
attracted all the theater people all the
performers you know there was a stage or
boy who worked there and so we had a
mime artist and so we opened the show
with a mime artist and gay playing
classical guitar he's playing this class
of guitar now this is a strip joint and
all the hardened bikers are sitting
around waiting for naked girls to come
home and here comes a here comes a mime
artist you know so Brittany's he's
picking flowers and smelling them and
throwing the pants around the stage and
and so the biker sat through that you
know they were yelling things like hey
Elvis their remarks weren't that funny
and then and then Dave would come out
and Dave's a very funny looking guy it
looks like looks like an improv actor
and he come out and he and he sings this
horrible song I Dream of Jeannie with
the light brown
Jeannie is my favorite wired hair
terrier and then just when the bikers
are getting ready to revolt I opened I
kicked the door open we had doors on the
back you know and I kicked the door open
and I'm shirtless my hair is messed up
and I got a rolled-up newspaper and I
walk over to Dave I go what kind of
fucking song is that I beat him to death
with this newspaper and the bikers just
they explode the whole joint just
exploded you know it laughter because we
had we've created that tension hmm that
long and then relieved the release was
like it's a roar and then the word went
out boom and that place was packed
almost every night wow what a weird
world that must have been back then look
at this the city works yeah there we are
there's this that Terkel sexy at the
Shanghai which others teach in the
superb right
wow that's Cheech that's crazy that's
cheap that's Dave and that's me Wow
without uh without a goatee and that's
my Martha says Ian the mime artist and
it's windy Maureen and Shirley Wow
what a weird world is it crazy looking
at that oh yeah memories huh starting
Tuesday yeah yeah Wow the police were
there and when did you start doing
albums with Cheech which is 71 I had
that all hot to take place while we came
down lay in 70 and we struggled when all
the places we didn't we could work then
we started being a regular at the
troubadour they had hootenanny night
Sunday night was I mean what's
hootenanny is when folk singers would
get on some tension singers sing a song
hootenanny hootenanny hootenanny night
and so all the singers would saying you
know and so we would get up and do
comedy and of course we became regulars
you know in fact the troubadour would
phoned us up and saying are you guys
coming yeah because they had a lot of
requests and how did it turn to this
weed based comedy well it was the only
thing that worked in this audience the
weed see when we're the city works is
all TNA you know right but when we got
down here
we had a go right for the stoners
because that was what was going on you
know and so we played a club in Reseda
burn the hotel and what sort of scald
and it was owned by a crazy a big fan he
saw us work somewhere and so he hired us
for two nights and the first night first
night we had to do two shows but it was
a dance club and so the dancers had to
stop dance and sit down watch us to a
show and and that was not a good
combination so the first show of didn't
go very well because we're doing TNA
stuff and just didn't go over and so the
second show
teach and I got together I teach come on
man you're from here there must be a
character you could do and the night
before that we were standing outside and
this low rider pulls up and you go hey
man you tell me how to get to Reseda
Boulevard and she says oh you're on it
oh thanks man
and it was that character and cheap says
yeah well yeah we can do that character
and then I showed him that the car bit
this an old black comedian showed me mr.
pineapple you show me this old taking a
girl out on a date and you just make the
car up here by pretending to wash it
waxed you know just do the mine and the
car would appear and then Cheech got in
this car and he's
and then he was a red freak when a right
man and then I would come out and we do
our skits and and went over really well
as soon as we started doing you know we
then in pills and stuff that everybody
related so you feel like you had that
and then you just ran with it
oh yeah yeah didn't we just improved
improved improved proved and so when we
met Lou Adler saws and we never thought
about doing a record until we went to
Mena in his office and he's got gold
records over here all over the place and
we said yeah we can do a record you know
I was a big Lenny Bruce fan anyway
because when I got high the first time I
the guy gave me a joint and a mini Bruce
record it's good so nice so I studied
that record for months and so that was
ingrained in my head and so then when we
started doing the first bit we did was
an accident
Cheech got locked outside the the
mixdown room that we were in La Brea you
know Charlie Chapman studio and it was a
little courtyard then where the Sun was
beating down was like noon and it was
hot and sheets as a method actor and you
had a put on all the costumes you know
they can get into character so he's got
all these costumes on he knocks on the
door and I was working the tape recorder
and I and when he knocked that I looked
up at the door and I didn't see if the
needle moved or not and so when he not I
didn't answer and then he knocked again
and I saw the needle moved and so I said
who isn't and I was supposed to just
open the door and let him in and so
there was a pause it's a meme there it's
mean that mean come on man
so then does that work Dave's not here
came from that so I waited knocked again
you know long pause the pause oh is it
and he's getting there come on man it's
me I think the cops saw I hope no you
know they went into character then then
I'll just wait wait wait
ace waiting for me to open the door then
he'd knocked again and then finally goes
it's me gay
man Dave that's a David Nicholas yeah go
deeps not here he blew it kicking the
doors screaming open the door you almost
punched me and but I said listen listen
listen we we played it back in and then
Lou heard it we recorded it not as funny
but we recorded it in next day it was
all over America Cheech and Chong was
born Wow
and then how long after that destructed
in movies seven years 78 we started
doing the movies because I got tired to
go to Australia did you guys get accused
of promoting pot oh yeah like did you
get like accused like you guys are a bad
influence on the youth and what was that
like it was nothing really there's more
publicity basically you know you know
it's just people you know you know what
really got what really I noticed anyway
it was the the comedy establishment the
committee and the second city all those
guys they hated us really hated us why
except Bellucci Belushi was the only one
that loved us because Belushi was young
enough that he heard our records and it
influenced him but these other guys like
what's his name can't even think of his
name now maybe it's better I don't even
name them but the the howard hesseman he
he was one of the committee members you
know you know WKRP in Cincinnati sure he
was a big in and I got influenced by him
big-time because I saw him doing the
committee in in San Francisco and they
had a top-notch improv group there and
they were incredible and that's where I
got the inspiration to go up and turn
the strip club into a improvisational
Club because I love improv but why
didn't those guys like you well because
we were successful we took what they
were doing and took it out of that that
snotty theater theater you know and so
I'm so evolved theatrically
you know that who does records you know
that kind of thing and next thing you
know cheese curds were bad I thought
well they ended up trying to do a record
but they had they had no clue
you know like see I'm a fighter man I've
been in the trenches forever you know
I've been playing black clubs as long as
I can remember
and so I seen a lot of humor a lot of
stand-up comics you know Redd Foxx was a
real good friend of mine did you ever do
his comic Club his yeah
you ever hear those Richard Pryor tapes
from the Redd Foxx comedy club they
would record him like doing his work
outs outs fucking amazing stuff amazing
oh yeah Richard rich was a big friend
big fan yeah now see we had fans like
that when Cheech and I did the Comedy
Store after up in smoke we broke up with
Lou we're broke we had a hit movie no
money nothing what happened they stole
your money with Lou
yeah who's Lou Lou Adler okay he used to
producer and director of up in smoke and
although I wrote wrote it and directed
most of it especially the ending I'd
write it like again like again like I
said before I'm not into her into the
money part of it but how are you guys
broke while we weren't getting any money
from our life because we had to stop
touring because of the movie and so we
had no touring money coming in right and
so and then we got paid you know a
little bit of on the movie but nothing
compared to what we were making on the
road and it was a hugely successful
movie right totally totally but that's
way it is giant just to just they took
all the money yeah I mean we got we get
dribs and drabs and at the end of the
accounting yeah the Hollywood accounting
yeah at the end of the period of you
know when you forget when you've gone on
to something else and you get a check oh
that's nice yeah but so Cheech and I
went to the comedy store to get our act
again and Richard Pryor
helped us at the stage we had but five
sold-out shows Pauly Shore was a little
guy up in the light boots and watching
us because he was too young to be in the
in the crowd and as we walked up the
stage the first night Richard Serra he
held out his hand it was the greatest
compliment ever
Wow I must've been incredible it was no
listen man you had an amazing life
you really have it's uh the each Inge
was correct oh yeah it's worked out
incredible I gotta find a professional
you gotta get them to come in and read
us to each hang I mean it really knows
their shit do it it's easy we don't
there's a one called arms D Armstrong
Burgess I'll text it to you okay and
just be there you know hey listen if I
can follow instructions anybody but
listen brother is a pleasure having you
on tell people about your weed charms
choice we're gonna get it dispensaries
everywhere it's our website yeah there's
websites there's actually the fun is
finding Chong's choice because we are so
elite as far as the testing and the
purity of the product that it's very
rare that certain dispensaries habit and
a lot of dispensaries don't and they'll
try to sell you something else but don't
settle for Less man Chung's choices the
best choice ladies and gentlemen that's
way better than teaches private school
how dare you no no teachers I mean it's
okay but it's Mexican you know well
thank you sir thanks for coming on here
man it's always a pleasure my pleasure
German honor thank you Tommy Chong
ladies and gentlemen